CS229 Project 1 README

OVERVIEW:

  The sound utilities in this package read, manipulate, and write files in the 
  CS229 and WAVE file format. 

BUILDING:

  To build all utilities, use the "make" command

  Utilities can be built individually using "make [utilName]", for example to
  make sndinfo, we write "make sndinfo"

LICENSE:

  This software is licensed under the MIT License (see LICENSE.txt).

UTILITIES:

  sndinfo:
    This program reads each wav and CS229 sound file passed as command line
    arguments and outputs their information.
    
    Options:
    -h  displays program's help page
  
  sndcat:
    This program reads the CS229/WAVE file(s) passed as arguments, concatenates
    them, and writes the result to a file (default:stdout , see -o option). 
    Outputs in the requested format (default:CS229, see -w option)

    Defaults:
    Default output file type is CS229 (see -w option)
    Default output file is stdout unless another file is provided with -o
    If no source file(s) are provided by the arguments, input is read from stdin
    If only one source file is provided, the file is rewritten as-is in the 
    desired format. (useful for converting between formats)

    Options:
    -h          displays the help page
    -o [file]   output to a file rather than standard out
    -w          output in the WAVE format rather than CS229
  
  sndchan:
    This program reads the files passed as arguments and combines the channels 
    of them into a single sound. The resulting sound will be the "overlay" of 
    the source sounds.
  
    Defaults:
    Default output is in CS229 format (see -w option to change).
    Default output is to stdout unless another file is given (with -o)
    If no source files are given, tries to read file from stdin

    Options:
    -c [n]          Only include channel n in output (1st channel = 0, etc.)
    -h              Print the help screen
    -o [fileName]   Output file to fileName
    -w              Output in WAVE format

  sndmix:
    This program reads the files passed as arguments, scales the sample data by
    their "mult", then adds together their sample data to make a single sound.

    If the sounds have unequal channels, zeroed out channels will be added to 
    the one with fewer channels.
    If the sounds have different bit depths, the smaller samples are scaled up 
    to match the larger ones.
  
    Defaults:
    Default output is in CS229 format (see -w option to change).
    Default output is to stdout unless another file is given (see -o)
    If no source files are given, file is read from stdin

    Options:
    -h              Print the help screen
    -o [fileName]   Output file to fileName
    -w              Output in WAVE format

